Update BUILDING.md (#549)
microsoft/snmalloc: docs/BUILDING.md

# Building on Windows

The Windows build currently depends on at least Visual Studio 2019.

> Both the 2019 and 2022 are regularly tested.

Author: ```suggestion
Both Visual Studio 2019 and 2022 are regularly tested in CI.
Additionally, `clang-cl` is also supported and tested by CI.
```
